So we can whiz at the check out page on the check out page let's make the buttons which are part of
check out summary work to cancel and continue button.
Now these buttons are of course in the check out summary I could handle them there by turning it into
a class but I just want to expose this event basically in a check out container which wraps the check
out summary component by using the skittled approach of using props and then any props I expect to get
the reference to the method which should be executed upon a click at.
So here I will name is on.
Check out canceled or just check out can't be in line with my previous namings and then your props check
out continued.
Now I need to implement these props when using the check out summary component.
So there I don't only passing read the ends I also have check out canceled and I have checked out continued.
Now any methods which do something upon each of the two I'll add.
Check out canceled handler which is a method which should do something and I'll use this method syntax
to be able to use the this keyword inside of there and check out continued handler which should also
look like that.
Now since I'm in the check out container which was loaded with the route component we here also have
access to this props and there too the history Propp and the history Propp also has a go back method
which I want to execute upon cancelling.
This simply goes back to the last page in the Arrow case here where I want to continue all use replace
instead to replace the current route with check out slash contact data for example we don't handle this
part yet but this should be the part which soon loads the contact data component which we don't have
yet again.
Now we need to hook these handlers up so down there.
This check out canceled handler and does check out continued handler should be used.
Save all the false and now let's try this out on.
Check out if I click on cancel and take it back to my Bergrin builder.
Let me go back to checking out if I click Continue.
You'll see your changes but of course that doesn't do anything because we're not handling it yet.
So this is something I will have to handle in the future.
The thing I want to do before handling debt though is that I want to render the burger I really build
and not some arbitrary burger here to render the burger.
I actually bult I will have to pass the respective data about my burger to the checkout page.
So from the Bergere Boulder here there I build some burger and if I now click ordering now and continue
I need to pass data about ingredients onto the checkout page disaster next goal past the data on.
I want to pass it on why a query parents here again feel free to implement this on your own.
You learn everything you need for days over the last module will do it together in the next lecture.